README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tisaconundrum2/PySAT_Point_Spectra_GUI.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT_Point_Spectra_GUI) 
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT](https://badges.gitter.im/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT.svg)](https://gitter.im/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

## Installation

### 1. Fresh install of Miniconda (Skip to step 2 if you have Anaconda/Miniconda)

Install <a href="https://conda.io/miniconda.html">Miniconda</a>

### 2. Download the environment file

[Environment.yml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT_Point_Spectra_GUI/master/environment.yml)

### 3. Open a terminal (on Windows, `cmd`, not Powershell) in the directory where you saved the file and type:

```bash
conda install conda=3  # SKIP THIS LINE ON WINDOWS
conda env create -n point_spectra_gui -f environment.yml
source activate point_spectra_gui  # omit the `source` on Windows
```

### 4. Done! How to use point_spectra_gui

```bash
source activate point_spectra_gui  # omit the `source` on Windows
point_spectra_gui
```

# PYSAT UI
![PYSAT splash](./images/splash.png)  

- The UI's backend is designed and created in Python with the QT framework
- The UI is being built to work closely with the original libraries

Current Road Ahead
- [x] Ported to version 5 of PyQt
- [x] Working Modules on UI
- [x] Selecting functions from Menubar adds functions dynamically
- [x] Shortcuts such as Ctrl S to save
- [ ] Embedded Plots and Graphs from data collected
- [x] ~~Package all python packages: sklearn, scipy, numpy, matplotlib, pysat for user consumption~~ It has been discovered that the user can download Anaconda, and run our files as normal.
- [x] Add ability to delete modules
- [x] Add ability to save plots in personal files
- [x] Add ability to save state of GUI, i.e. all number that user inputs will be there again after closing GUI
- [x] Add ability to save data frame at any point in the workflow 
- [ ] Setup a way to select points on a scatter plot.

## Control Flow

![FlowChart](./images/Flowchart.png)

- The user begins by starting PYSAT_MAIN.
- PYSAT_MAIN will begin by loading the splash screen and all necessary UI pieces
- PYSAT_MAIN will then forward control to PYSAT_UI
- PYSAT_UI displays the mainframe in which the UI's submodules will be loaded into
- PYSAT_UI will then foward control to each submodule of focus
- Each submodule builds the collective UI library
- Each submodule fowards control to PYAT_FUNC which holds all the necessary logic functions
- These logic functions then forward commands to the various PYSAT and Anaconda libraries
- The values are then returned back up to PYSAT_FUNC which will then deal with changed data

Commit message:

#63 Streamlining installation process (#128) (#129)
* Update README.md

* Ignore

* Update the Flow chart

This better explains how the architecture is working

* Update the environment file

See if this fixes anything

* Update README.md

* Command errored upon upload to pypi

* ignore this file

it has sensitive information

* config --set always_yes yes

* Fixing setup

* Updating Version

* Fixing keywords

* Travis

* fixing package name

* Fixing Keywords

* Adding all CV interfaces

* Update the core

* Fixing imports

* Removing Qtickle.

This may be causing problems with the setup.py and distributions?

* Adding Qtickle to requirements

* change name of directory

* Travis update

* Fixing [Errno 21]

* Update version, Travis

* Add an entry point and update Travis

* Add comments

* Update version

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* pysat -> libpysat

* Adding testing to check runnability

* remove non-implemented tests

* Fix Cross Validation

The particular UI's were not displaying correctly

* Fix Erro 2

* Adding installation requirements

* Remove the testing for now

Issues with finding the testing suite. Ignore for now

* use environment.yml to get all dependencies

* activate the source

* add pysat and gui library to download

* "s" -> ""

Fix the extra s

* Travis Fix

* Update version

* Qtickle was missing, add this

* Update version

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Add testing back in

Make sure that everything is installing correctly, before we deploy

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tisaconundrum2/PySAT_Point_Spectra_GUI.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT_Point_Spectra_GUI) 
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT](https://badges.gitter.im/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT.svg)](https://gitter.im/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

## Installation

### 1. Fresh install of Miniconda (Skip to step 2 if you have Anaconda/Miniconda)

Install <a href="https://conda.io/miniconda.html">Miniconda</a>

### 2. Download the environment file

[Environment.yml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/USGS-Astrogeology/PySAT_Point_Spectra_GUI/master/environment.yml)

### 3. Open a terminal (on Windows, `cmd`, not Powershell) in the directory where you saved the file and type:

```bash
conda install conda=3  # SKIP THIS LINE ON WINDOWS
conda env create -n point_spectra_gui -f environment.yml
source activate point_spectra_gui  # omit the `source` on Windows
```

### 4. Done! How to use point_spectra_gui

```bash
source activate point_spectra_gui  # omit the `source` on Windows
point_spectra_gui
```

# PYSAT UI
![PYSAT splash](./images/splash.png)  

- The UI's backend is designed and created in Python with the QT framework
- The UI is being built to work closely with the original libraries

Current Road Ahead
- [x] Ported to version 5 of PyQt
- [x] Working Modules on UI
- [x] Selecting functions from Menubar adds functions dynamically
- [x] Shortcuts such as Ctrl S to save
- [ ] Embedded Plots and Graphs from data collected
- [x] ~~Package all python packages: sklearn, scipy, numpy, matplotlib, pysat for user consumption~~ It has been discovered that the user can download Anaconda, and run our files as normal.
- [x] Add ability to delete modules
- [x] Add ability to save plots in personal files
- [x] Add ability to save state of GUI, i.e. all number that user inputs will be there again after closing GUI
- [x] Add ability to save data frame at any point in the workflow 
- [ ] Setup a way to select points on a scatter plot.

## Control Flow

![FlowChart](./images/Flowchart.png)

- The user begins by starting \_\_main\_\_.py.
- \_\_main\_\_.py will load MainWindow.py which in turn will load the splash screen and all necessary UI pieces
- MainWindow.py displays the mainframe in which the UI's submodules will be loaded into
- MainWindow.py will then foward control to each submodule of focus
- Each of the submodules build the collective UI library
- Each submodule also contains all the necessary functions that will interact with Anaconda and PYSAT
- The PYSAT and Anaconda libraries will then do the necessary data manipulations
- The values are then returned back up to the Submodule which in turn is returned back to MainWindow which will then deal with changed data
